all right guys so I'm doing overview
blend the premium to mix note to curl
here it's one pick here's the packaging
these are the bundles they were
separated in bundles this is the lady on
the bed wearing the style she's wearing
BB 1b 27 and I'm really just regular one
big because I like natural colors
sensational so this is the name on the
side like a Hollywood star now you can't
even bring them to the mix multi curl
premium quality 100% human and premium
blend hair it includes five pieces 16
inch 18 inch 20 inch and it's 22 inch
bundle plus a free links party closure
is what I have new sensational style and
a sensational value parting closure
features best value expensively
spreading closure for free get there for
free if it's a say if the bottom the
freelee's parting place they call it a
place but it's a closure saving a smooth
run bulky natural parting line and
create side or separate parts without
hassle deeper party line for your
complete party with additional use as
the inside least cut for invisible party
way or playing with your army
and they give you a list of methods on
the back of the packaging or ways you
can place the lace in your hair I
decided to do just the middle part
because I wanted more of a natural look
and I'm gonna try to decide things so
I'm gonna use the closer again and I'll
give you guys a video on up one day yeah
the style that I have is called Peruvian
one big color yeah they're pretty much
came in bundles I guess I can get into
being into the texture texture of the
hair is beautiful this is the texture of
the hair the texture of the hair has a
it imitates the Peruvian hair head for
moving in here from aliexpress and I
basically loved it I did a head it for
since November so like this year like
November elation or two like this year
or last November to like that one of
those things I've had the curly and I
didn't do it cuz I wasn't over these
make then but it was a beautiful hair
and I'm I got there from aliexpress this
um I got for my local yes um you know so
I mean in light you know my camera is
not HD yeah I'm gonna get an HD camera
but you guys can see the curls are
poppin okay
I love them they're cute and I'm rocking
it in the closure right here is right
here my closure and yeah just follow
some tips on you feel like you took
gives you everything yeah I just love to
hear underneath I have a flexi rod
because I wanted to see how it would
come out so if you
I'm gonna see how it comes out just
watch right now but I think it'll just I
didn't put any heat to it so I think
I'll just come out regular oh yeah then
that's like if they're two seconds on
the bottom is curls my one take a brush
and brush it I'm gonna hold the ends in
the brush and it's only 22 inches long
now this side I play heat on them this
plexi right so let's see how that came
out and I just did these cuz I was gonna
do a separate video for you guys but I
figured why not do it in the review
itself so you guys could get the full
detail in why not happen and I didn't
even leave it in long if I left it in
long and when it came out superb I'm
sure and I'm just gonna
I'll say you can hold the end I don't
put anything on it the mead only under
style my edges and yeah this is the hair
this is the premium to makes
multicolored I'm sorry multi curl here
it's mixed layers yeah sensational one
pic this is one peg surprisingly guys it
messed up my whole leg but yeah I'm
gonna show you pictures at the end if
you guys enjoyed this review throw a
mini short review please subscribe
comment and let me know what I should do
more of which you guys want to see next
of this hair and the more about this
hair details will be below and like I
said I got it from my local yes and I
mean I just love this hair like purple
on camera but it's really one that's
probably because of my pink curtains I
love it and again I hope you guys
enjoyed this review thanks for watching
me and I'll talk to you guys later